Requirements Document: Whataremychances.com
By Fantastic Four: Elizabeth Haynie, Nishanth Mangineni, Bradford Mashlum, Dionne Mitchner

Utilizing: Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, MongoDB

TYPICAL SCHOOLS GPA, GRE, community service hours, etc
Mercer - Bachelor Degree(regionally accredited), 300 GRE, >=3.0 GPA, min Analytical Score 3.5, 1000 Patient Care Hours
Emory - Bachelor Degree(regionally accredited), 301 GRE (preferred, taken in last 5 years), >=3.0 GPA, Analytical Score 4.0 (preferred), 2000 Patient Care Hours
Augusta University- Bachelor Degree(regionally accredited), >=290 GRE, >=3.0 GPA, >= 100 Patient Care Hours
South University - Bachelor Degree(regionally accredited), GRE(50th percentile or above preferred), >=3.0 GPA, 0 Patient Hours Required(Hours preferred)

NOTES FROM REQUIREMENTS MEETING: LIST PRIORITY
Do you want an app or website?
Website, mobile friendly, square shape template based. Write code, host it into website

Who is the audience? 
PA Students.

All hospitals in America or only those in Georgia?
All over America, using national data to plot how applicants compare to schools. Note: to see what else can we do with this info, pertaining to other schools. 
If student does not meet minimum requirements, tell them to improve and they can get into certain schools. Alert them with how they can make themself better. Present a bell curve graph with data points on the graph with how they rank among the average other students. Give them bell curves with what their chances are of getting in. 
Main goal with the bell graph: work on percentages of the students getting in. 
With what is low, give them resources like test prep stuff. He will email us the links to other websites, they’re his affiliates.

What are the requirements the students absolutely must enter?
Gpa, gre, healthcare experience hours.

What, in your eyes, would make for a very efficient website?
User-friendly, easy to navigate, loads within three seconds, clean, info is easy identifiable. 

The students must apply for any schools they desire through a central link. “CASPA”. Find link.

A website with blank input boxes present on the page, they must enter their values and press 'Go' or ‘Graph’. 
Next page: They MUST enter name and email in order to get results. Click “Show graphs”.
Next page: 
If one of the three attributes are below the average, list above graph what they must improve on with resources/links. Always give the student the option to click a link to view tips on how to improve their personal statement and make sure it is intact.
Three bell curve graphs appear with one percentile listed on each one. Only the hospitals whom requirements they meet with pop up. They should have option that lists SHOW ALL HOSPITALS… that takes the student to Next page: when they click on a certain hospital, they can click a button that says DO I MEET REQUIREMENTS… it’ll tell them what must be improved with resources.

When they hover over the school name on ANY page:
a brief small window will appear that lists: the name, small photo, requirements

When the school is clicked, there will be
a new page with: (He will email us this information) but information such as: name, address, contact number, contact email, small photo, requirements, button to directly apply.

What colors for the page, something very neutral and faded out?
Faded out yellow, simple clear text, make banner image for home page, create logos and colors. 

End goal: build something easy to use, fast, no unnecessary items on page, straight to the point

Add a help page, when clicked: tells the user to enter in their information, and click go. Reassures them they’ll be matched up with schools based on requirements. 
Messages popping up, telling them what must be improved in order to meet requirements. 

What sets this apart: everything on one site. Give them numbers on how they compare to everyone else and their chances of getting in. 

Get national average for three attributes: GPA, GRE, healthcare experience hours
Warn students about possible input errors, EX: They put ‘30’ instead of ‘3’.

